We would like to thank the reviewer for taking the time to review our work and the
valuable comments. Below, we provide responses to each concern.

1. Clarity in describing the algorithm.

We are presenting a single approach throughout the paper. Since most
researchers manually construct DAGs using their domain knowledge, the goal of
our proposed method is to assist them in this process by offering an
interactive, data-driven tool. Our proposed method uses data to identify and
rank potential modifications to the current DAG, either by adding an edge or
removing an existing edge to improve consistency with the data. In each
iteration, these suggestions are presented to the user, who ultimately chooses
the modification to make allowing them to integrate their domain expertise in
the model building process. This approach allows for the expert to remain in
control while guiding the model building process through insights from data.

In Section 3 and 4, for the purpose of theoretical and empirical evaluation, we
consider automated versions of this approach where in the algorithms we accept
all the suggestions made by the method. This is a slightly different setup
compared to how we expect the tool to be used in practice.

We will make revisions in the Introduction and Sections 3 and 4 to make the
goal of the presented approach and setting used in Section 3 and 4 clearer.

2. Overlooked related work (Kitson, 2025).

Thank you for pointing us to the work by Kitson et al. (2025), which we indeed
missed, as we developed this approach simultaneously. This is a very relevant reference indeed, but the approach described in that paper is very different.

While both our method and Kitson (2025) propose interactive approaches to
causal discovery, the intended goal and the method differs. Kitson (2025)
modifies a score-based method and selectively prompts the user for input when
the algorithm is uncertain -- such as in cases of tied score improvement or
low-confidence modifications. In contrast, our approach is designed to assist
users in manual DAG construction by presenting them with a ranked list of
potential modifications in each iterations. As the user always makes the choice
of these modifications, they maintain full control on the changes being made
and when to stop the process. In this way, our method places greater emphasis on
expert-driven model construction compared to Kitson (2025).

Further, the type of expert knowledge differs. Our algorithms center on the idea of "ancestral experts" which are good at identifying the general direction of causal effects, but can't distinguish between direct and indirect effects. The approach by Kitson (2025) does require experts to consider whether effects are direct or indirect, which is more demanding.

In light of these references, we will revise our paper to carefully avoid any impression that we are the first to consider an interactive expert in structure learning, citing Kitson (2025) early on. We will also add a comparison between the approaches to Section 3.3 and the conclusions. If possible, we will also change our title to something like "Constraint-Based Causal Discovery with an Expert-In-The-Loop: ..." to make the difference clear from the start. Thank you again!
